Steganography Project ReadMe
Overview

Welcome to the Steganography Project! This repository contains the code for a Python-based steganography application that allows you to hide and retrieve messages within images using a combination of encryption and SMTP for transfer.

The project is divided into three main parts:
    Encryption Code (encryption.py): This module is responsible for encrypting a given message and embedding it into an image file.
    API Code (api.py): This module provides an API for sending the encrypted image via email using the SMTP protocol. It handles the communication between the sender and the recipient.
    Decryption Code (decryption.py): This module is responsible for downloading the encrypted image from the email and decrypting the hidden message.

Getting Started

Follow these steps to get started with the Steganography Project:
Prerequisites

    Python 3.x
    Required Python packages can be installed using the following command: bash

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Usage

    Encryption:
        Open encryption.py and modify the message variable with the text you want to hide.
        Run the script:bash

    python encryption.py

API for Email Transfer:
    Open api.py and configure the SMTP server settings and email credentials.
    Run the script: bash

    python api.py

Decryption:

    Open decryption.py and configure the email credentials for receiving the encrypted image.
    Run the script:bash

        python decryption.py

Configuration

In each script, there are configuration variables that you may need to customize:

    encryption.py Configuration:
        message: The text message you want to hide.
        image_path: Path to the image file where the message will be hidden.

    api.py Configuration:
        SMTP server settings, including smtp_server, smtp_port, sender_email, and sender_password.
        Recipient email address (recipient_email).

    decryption.py Configuration:
        Email credentials for receiving the encrypted image (email_address and email_password).

Notes

    Ensure that you comply with ethical considerations and legal regulations when using this tool.
    The security of the steganography technique heavily depends on the encryption algorithm used; consider using strong encryption methods for sensitive information.

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Feel free to explore, experiment, and contribute to the project! If you encounter any issues or have suggestions, please open an issue in the repository.
